no I'm near versing Khalsa and I get
really excited about turning these
videos with alessandra because it gives
me a great excuse to practice a little
bit more I start thinking about gosh
what do I want to practice with
everybody who's watching these videos
for the next month and so this kind of
came up I let my mind wander I kind of
think about what's happening at this
time in place this time of year I look
through manuals and something just a few
days before we do the video kind of
occurs to me about what to do and so
while I thought to do this time for this
month and I'm excited about this is that
is we're going to do a couple of
prosperity meditations and this is one
meditation that we're going to do that
uses the mantra HUD har but inflict that
tongue up against the roof of the mouth
that sounds a little bit like a d sound
the yogi budgin taught in Alaska Oh in
the late 80s or so and I was just kind
of thinking about you know what
prosperity meditation because he taught
so many of them that maybe you haven't
practiced before and I found this in my
book actually 10 light bodies of
consciousness in the fifth body and I
looked at and I said this is really
great because there's something about
this meditation that really will help
you in your whole life as well as just
allowing prosperity to flow and what I
mean by that is that there is a certain
posture for this for this Kriya this
meditative Korea and I was thinking
about the idea of posture your posture
is literally how you hold yourself in
the world and so there's a training
within the practice of this that will
allow you to hold yourself in the world
that is actually pretty far out
and that is that you stay aligned within
your own self and you allow the heart
center to open the nice thing about this
particular Korea in this meditation it
also allows you to become a healer and
sometimes this idea of prosperity you
know we expand it beyond opportunity
opportunities come and go money comes
and go your health your well-being your
friends your ability to love your
ability to connect your own soul I mean
that's the prosperity and then once
you're in that particular place then
nature serves you you have what you need
procure T is on your side and the
opportunities the resources everything
comes to you for you to use to in
continuation so that you can expand out
and share that prosperity that
open-heartedness with everybody that you
meet and also I'm going to recommend
part of it is we're going to do one of
good and onyx japji parties and that's
the 25th party the one that starts with
both Tacoma MacKinnon Ajay 11 times a
day it take you about five minutes to go
through it the interesting thing what
yogi bhajan said about this is that it
brings you beyond duality know we live
in polarity we're always resolving the
polarity of masculine feminine day night
but there's but duality is another thing
that actually is even though we think
it's part of polarity you can it keeps
you from that resolution of and the
resistance you have for living in
polarity and so the great thing about
the 25th priority anyways as it brings
wealth it brings prosperity is how it
does that is it for
duality and so the combination of these
two things coming beyond duality and
using this meditation which brings green
energy around the hand brings you green
energy and your whole being allows you
to become a healer prosperous healer I
think is a great combination and I'm
really you're just doing this with you
for this month as well so first of all
of course you do the tune in mantra o ne
mogu to dev namo three times and then
the meditation is this the the the mudra
is very specific you're going to have
the arms by the sides like this but once
again the posture is super important and
that is you really want to be sitting
down on your sit bones and you want to
have a slight root lock mole Bund
applied so that's squeezing the rectum
sex organs naval point fold in just a
little bit to really hold yourself in
the position and then you're going to
have the arms hands by the sides so that
the palms are exactly flat with the
forearms this is much easier to do if
you bring your hands like this but it's
like this and then when you bring your
arms by the sides like this you dropped
your elbows down you drop your shoulder
blades down and what it does it lifts
your chest right the heart center then
becomes open and then you want neck lock
jalandhar bunda and that's super
important for this and automatically it
almost puts you in then you know so the
chest is high chin is level to the
ground kind of the natural curvature
behind your neck is taken out there was
a lecture I heard yoga budgin talking
about someone just perfecting jalandhar
bunda just sitting in silence in shunya
in jalandhar Abunda and it basically
what it did it brought them to a state
of enlightenment it's something really
to perfect in your practice as
completely
and this is one that really can do this
so you have your arms by the sides like
this justify give yourself exactly alone
this is the posture the eyes are going
to be at the tip of the nose and you're
going to chant the mantra PUD pulling
the navel point in you can use the
tantra Club tape my Simran Kaur that's
really good or you can just do it
acapella like this hon hon hon hon hon
hon hon and at the end take a deep
inhale you'll hold the breath suspend
the breath and really concentrate on the
hands all this time you'll feel a lot of
energy around your hands that they're
surrounded with green energy and then
you can infuse that green energy in your
aura you can spread it out to the
universe and then right at the end bring
your arms up shake the hands out twist a
little bit and then go right immediately
go into prayer pose and do the 25th
party of japji 11 times I'm kind of
excited about doing this with you this
month so then finish with the sunshine
song spread the energy out chant some
long-sought noms bless everybody and so
I hope you have a really enjoyable
September thanks for practicing with me
it's not know
you
Oh